Short answer for all windows (ksqlDB) (#670)
confluentinc/kafka-tutorials: _includes/tutorials/session-windows/ksql/markup/answer/answer.adoc

> Create a `TABLE` with the `WINDOW SESSION` syntax, and specify the window duration with the parantheses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a `TABLE` with the `WINDOW SESSION` syntax, and specify the maximum inactivity period defining a session with the parantheses.
```
